Reflection Exercise 1:

How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

Answer:

diff helped me figure out the changes I have made to the file and also made me
realize that I have made a typo. I can recall changes made by seeing the diff-
erence and this helps me understand if there a actually a change or just a 
mistake.

Reflection Exercise 2:

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more 
efficient programmer in the long term?

Answer:

Have access to older versions helps me restore them if the new version did not
work out the way it was supposed to. This means I can always go back and see
what changes I have made and what issues have caused the new version not to
work. In the long term, I will be more efficient and will be able to save time
and energy if I am able to see the old version at any time.

Reflection Exercise 3:

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
Docs does?

Answer:

Pros:
	You can choose when to commit. 
	This keeps things logical rather than randomly saved.
	Easier to read files when comparing.
	Easy to revert the changes if required.
	Available offline


Cons:
	May forget to commit
	May not commit for too long.
	May commit too early


Reflection Exercise 4:

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

Answer:

Git allows saving multiple files in one commit because it is useful for
programming and developers. It keeps the files in sync which are dependant on
each other.

Reflection Exercise 5:

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

Answer:

git log lists all the commits in the repository. With the small message we can
quickly recall and understand what was done within this version.

git diff shows the comparison between 2 commits. Gives us the clear idea of what
was added and what was removed.

Reflection Exercise 6:

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

Answer:

With all commits at a single logical change in the files, it makes it easier to
go through the history of files and revert to any files whenever required. Also,
this give me the confidence that even if I have made a mistake, I can go back to
a working version at any time.

Reflection Exercise 7:

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

Answer:

Reading git log, finding out differences between commits, revert to previous
versions and also to view older versions at any time.
